[DOC] Optimize the documentation to make it clearer and fix spelling errors (#4172)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-partition-reassignment.adoc

`--generate`::
Takes a set of topics and brokers and generates a _reassignment JSON file_ which will result in the partitions of those topics being assigned to those brokers.

> Because this operates on whole topics, it cannot be used when you just need to reassign some partitions of some topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because this operates on whole topics, it cannot be used when you only want to reassign some partitions of some topics.
```
